Colleagues,

The 14th International Estuarine and Coastal Modeling Conference
(ECM14) will be held at the University of Rhode Island, June 13-15, 2016.

This conference provides a unique venue for commercial, academic, and
government scientists and engineers from around the world to present
and discuss the latest results and techniques in applied estuarine and
coastal modeling.  Presentations may be oral or poster, and
papers may be submitted for a special issue of the open-access
Journal of Marine Science and Engineering.  The conference will be held
in a retreat-like environment on the URI Campus with shared breakfast 
and lunch. 

Prospective authors are invited to submit abstracts for presentations on a
wide range of topic areas, including:

Pollutant Transport and Water Quality Prediction • Coastal Response to
Climate Change • Modeling Techniques and Sensitivity Studies • Model
Assessment • Modeling Specific Estuarine and Coastal Systems •
Visualization Analysis • Wave and Sediment Transport Modeling •
Modeling of Chemicals and Floatables • Oil Spill Transport and Fate
Modeling • Inverse Methods • Circulation Modeling • Facility Siting
and CSO Studies • Data Assimilation • Nowcast/Forecast Modeling
Systems • Coupled Models of Terrestrial, Atmospheric, Coastal Systems
• Modeling Systems with Strong Buoyancy Forcing • Modeling of Coupled
Systems • Risk Analysis (Nuclear Reactors, Flood Forecasting)

There will also be a special session on Coastal Resilience.

The due date for abstracts is Jan 8, 2016.

The deadline for registration is May 1, 2016.

Abstract submittal, registration and other information can be found on
the ECM conference web site can be submitted via the conference web
site:

http://www.uri.edu/meeturi/ecm14/index.html

We look forward to your participation in the conference.

Please feel free to share this information via mailing lists,
discussion groups or any other method.

Thanks,

Rich Signell, USGS
Conference Chair

Conference Organizing Committee:
Dr. Ed Myers, NOAA
Dr. Kendra Dresback, University of Oklahoma
Dr. Nickitas Georgas, Stevens Institute of Technology
Dr. Scott Hagen, Louisiana State University
Dr. Hassan Mashriqui, NOAA
Dr. Hansong Tang, City College of New York
Dr. David Schwab, University of Michigan
Dr. Malcolm Spaulding, RPS/ASA
